{\rtf1\ansi\deff4\adeflang1025
{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset2 Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Liberation Serif{\*\falt Times New Roman};}{\f4\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f5\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Liberation Sans{\*\falt Arial};}{\f6\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Droid Sans Fallback;}{\f7\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 FreeSans;}{\f8\fswiss\fprq0\fcharset128 FreeSans;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\stylesheet{\s0\snext0\ql\widctlpar\ltrpar\sl276\slmult1{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb0\sa200\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1033\dbch\af9\afs22\alang1025\loch\f4\fs22\lang1033 Normal;}
{\*\cs15\snext15 Default Paragraph Font;}
{\*\cs16\sbasedon15\snext16\cf2\ul\ulc0\langfe255\alang255\lang255 Internet Link;}
{\s17\sbasedon0\snext18\ql\widctlpar\sb240\sa120\keepn\ltrpar\dbch\af6\dbch\af7\afs28\loch\f5\fs28 Heading;}
{\s18\sbasedon0\snext18\sl288\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa140\ltrpar Text Body;}
{\s19\sbasedon18\snext19\sl288\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\dbch\af8 List;}
{\s20\sbasedon0\snext20\ql\widctlpar\sb120\sa120\noline\ltrpar\i\dbch\af8\afs24\ai\fs24 Caption;}
{\s21\sbasedon0\snext21\ql\widctlpar\noline\ltrpar\dbch\af8 Index;}
}{\info{\author bobby}{\creatim\yr2015\mo10\dy7\hr2\min45}{\author bobby}{\revtim\yr2015\mo10\dy9\hr20\min25}{\printim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}{\comment LibreOffice}{\vern67241986}}\deftab720
\viewscale100
{\*\pgdsctbl
{\pgdsc0\pgdscuse451\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margtsxn1440\margbsxn1440\pgdscnxt0 Default Style;}}
\formshade{\*\pgdscno0}\paperh15840\paperw12240\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\sectd\sbknone\sectunlocked1\pgndec\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margtsxn1440\margbsxn1440\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar\aenddoc\aftnrstcont\aftnstart1\aftnnrlc
\pgndec\pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\ltrpar\sl276\slmult1{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb0\sa200\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1033\dbch\af9\afs22\alang1025\loch\f4\fs22\lang1033{\b\afs28\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs28
Design}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
\line \line Let's start from the top and work our way down:}
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\ltrpar\sl276\slmult1{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb0\sa200\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1033\dbch\af9\afs22\alang1025\loch\f4\fs22\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
I'd like for the following icons to be displayed at the top; Steam, Twitter, Facebook , as of right now nothing else, but I want the option to add maybe twitch or youtube on at a later stage.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\ltrpar\sl276\slmult1{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb0\sa200\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1033\dbch\af9\afs22\alang1025\loch\f4\fs22\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
I'd like it if we could remove the Human silhouette, if it is possible, And we'll have our logo there instead, with the text UltimateCSGO next to it at the grey area. }
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\ltrpar\sl276\slmult1{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb0\sa200\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1033\dbch\af9\afs22\alang1025\loch\f4\fs22\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
\line }{\b\rtlch \ltrch\loch
"Register or Sign in"}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
 Has to be removed, and instead we place Steam's own sign in through Steam button. As that takes the load off for us as well as keeping it as simple as possible.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\ltrpar\sl276\slmult1{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb0\sa200\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1033\dbch\af9\afs22\alang1025\loch\f4\fs22\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
"Home" "Jackpot" "Top lists" "How to Play" "Provably Fair" "RandomRambo" are the ones I want at the top being clickable. Also the search thing might just only search for other players that are online, so that you can challenge them in the 1v1 mode.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\ltrpar\sl276\slmult1{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb0\sa200\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1033\dbch\af9\afs22\alang1025\loch\f4\fs22\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
\line }{\b\rtlch \ltrch\loch
"Home" }
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\ltrpar\sl276\slmult1{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb0\sa200\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1033\dbch\af9\afs22\alang1025\loch\f4\fs22\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
1-2-3-4-5 is where we will post either our partners logos and a small text, or our biggest pots that are currently ongoing, but this should be easy to change for whatever we want I guess.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\ltrpar\sl276\slmult1{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb0\sa200\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1033\dbch\af9\afs22\alang1025\loch\f4\fs22\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
I'd also like it if we could scale down the Home page, so you don't have to scroll for 5minutes to get to the bottom }
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\ltrpar\sl276\slmult1{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb0\sa200\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1033\dbch\af9\afs22\alang1025\loch\f4\fs22\lang1033{\b\rtlch \ltrch\loch
"Jackpot"}
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\ltrpar\sl276\slmult1{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb0\sa200\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1033\dbch\af9\afs22\alang1025\loch\f4\fs22\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
When you hold over Jackpot I'd like it if there's a dropdown that has the option of "Regular" or "1v1", and whatever you chose there is where you'll go.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\ltrpar\sl276\slmult1{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb0\sa200\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1033\dbch\af9\afs22\alang1025\loch\f4\fs22\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
The jackpot part will have a lot of stuff going on regards to design, so we can get back to that when we have fixed everything else.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\ltrpar\sl276\slmult1{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb0\sa200\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1033\dbch\af9\afs22\alang1025\loch\f4\fs22\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
\line }{\b\rtlch \ltrch\loch
"Top Lists"}
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\ltrpar\sl276\slmult1{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb0\sa200\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1033\dbch\af9\afs22\alang1025\loch\f4\fs22\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
This will be a top list that goes on a 14day period & the following things will be listed;}
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\ltrpar\sl276\slmult1{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb0\sa200\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1033\dbch\af9\afs22\alang1025\loch\f4\fs22\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Biggest winner - the one who has the highest total winnings over the 14 day period.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\ltrpar\sl276\slmult1{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb0\sa200\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1033\dbch\af9\afs22\alang1025\loch\f4\fs22\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Biggest win - The one single biggest winning from one pot over the 14 day period.\line \line Lowest % win - The lowest chance of winning that won the pot over the 14-day period.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\ltrpar\sl276\slmult1{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb0\sa200\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1033\dbch\af9\afs22\alang1025\loch\f4\fs22\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Most deadly 1v1 - The person that has taken down the most people in the 1v1 section over the 14 day period.\line \line These winners will be listed as 5. That means it will be a top5 list that is public on this page.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\ltrpar\sl276\slmult1{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb0\sa200\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1033\dbch\af9\afs22\alang1025\loch\f4\fs22\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
More will be added at a later stage as well.\line \line }{\b\rtlch \ltrch\loch
"How to play"}
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\ltrpar\sl276\slmult1{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb0\sa200\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1033\dbch\af9\afs22\alang1025\loch\f4\fs22\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Just keep it as it is, I'll add the info there at a later stage}
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\ltrpar\sl276\slmult1{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb0\sa200\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1033\dbch\af9\afs22\alang1025\loch\f4\fs22\lang1033{\b\rtlch \ltrch\loch
"Provably fair"}
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\ltrpar\sl276\slmult1{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb0\sa200\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1033\dbch\af9\afs22\alang1025\loch\f4\fs22\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Same with this one.  Just info about the site, simple text. With the addition of players being able to checkup that the right winner was selected, where you put in the hash from each round and can see that it indeed was randomly selected, see skinarena.com/csgoshuffle\line }
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\ltrpar\sl276\slmult1{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb0\sa200\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1033\dbch\af9\afs22\alang1025\loch\f4\fs22\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
"RandomRambo"}
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\ltrpar\sl276\slmult1{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb0\sa200\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1033\dbch\af9\afs22\alang1025\loch\f4\fs22\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
To access this page players first have to log in through twitch and confirm they are a subscriber of RandomRambo, when they have proven that they are able to place bets on his games that he are streaming, win/loss. See; www.csgolounge.com}
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\ltrpar\sl276\slmult1{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb0\sa200\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1033\dbch\af9\afs22\alang1025\loch\f4\fs22\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
They will be able to bet up to 6 skins with a value of at least $0.5 up to $30.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\ltrpar\sl276\slmult1{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb0\sa200\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1033\dbch\af9\afs22\alang1025\loch\f4\fs22\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
This has to have an easy admin access to select the outcome of the previous match and close the betting of the next game. I really want to keep it as csgolounge has it, simple and so on. So when they press on a Win/loss square there'll be a dropdown that shows either their inventory of bettable skins or their "returns" skins that they have won on previous games.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\ltrpar\sl276\slmult1{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb0\sa200\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1033\dbch\af9\afs22\alang1025\loch\f4\fs22\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
As most of it is pretty basic the thing we really have to focus on is the Jackpot part of the site, and I have a few ideas for how I want it to look, not sure if it's possible to make it that way but I'll share my ideas;}
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\ltrpar\sl276\slmult1{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb0\sa200\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1033\dbch\af9\afs22\alang1025\loch\f4\fs22\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
I want us to go the way of www.skinarena.com in most ways, but with our own twist to it.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\ltrpar\sl276\slmult1{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb0\sa200\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1033\dbch\af9\afs22\alang1025\loch\f4\fs22\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
As they have it to the left with the box that shows the size of the pot, what % you have as the gambler,  as well as the circle they have above that counts the skins in the pot.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\ltrpar\sl276\slmult1{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb0\sa200\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1033\dbch\af9\afs22\alang1025\loch\f4\fs22\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
I would like for us to have instead of a circle a shadowed box with 50 squares in it, and whenever one skins is entered in to the pot one of the squares lights up in red}
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\ltrpar\sl276\slmult1{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb0\sa200\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1033\dbch\af9\afs22\alang1025\loch\f4\fs22\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Below this shadowed box I want it to display how much you deposited and what % you have as well as the total value of the pot\line }
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\ltrpar\sl276\slmult1{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb0\sa200\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1033\dbch\af9\afs22\alang1025\loch\f4\fs22\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
I also want us to keep the skins that are deposited at the top, above the shadowed box stretching over it all. And here's the tricky part that I want to know if we can make possible, You know these Split Flap Displays? , I want that when the pot is full and we are about to draw a winner the box that "holds" the skins at the top turns in to a split flap display with small boxes that are "turning over" from the top right corner to the bottom left, looking like it takes in the skins and then instantly goes back from bottom left corner to top right corner but instead of skins showing in the box the winners name is shown}
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\ltrpar\sl276\slmult1{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb0\sa200\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1033\dbch\af9\afs22\alang1025\loch\f4\fs22\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
\line }{\b\afs28\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs28
Functions}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
\line \line Log in through Steam. Once logged on for the first time user is prompted to put in their tradelink aswell as put in their Screen name. We do not want their steamprofile to be linked in the pots.\line \line 15skins max deposit.\line $1 min deposit.\line \line "Small" - min deposit $1, max deposit $25. Max skins / depsot & pot - 15. Draw winner after 50 skins are in the pot.\line "Large" - min deposit $10, max deposit $500. Max skins / deposit & pot - 15. Draw winner after 75 skins are in the pot.\line "Highroller" - min deposit $100, max deposit Unlimited. Max skins / deposit & pot - 10. Draw winner after 50 skins are in the pot.\line \line 2-4% fee from winning pot, 2% fee if winner has "Our Website" in their Steam name.\line \line "1v1 Battle" Challenge a friend or a foe with a minimum of $10 and a maximum of $1000.\line "1v1 Battle 50/50" Challenge a friend or a foe with a set amount of $25, $50, $100, $250, $500 or $1500.\line \line "Twitch feature, let subs bet on the outcome of your match"\line \line First Subject ; RandomRambo\line \line To access this part of the website you first log on through Twitch to confirm that you are a sub, after that you log on through steam.\line \line Betting options ; Win/lose\line Amount of skins you can bet ; 6\line 50/50 = Deposit x 1\line % is determined by people betting. If 10 people bet on win & 5 people bet on loss the % will be ; Win 66% Loss 34%\line \line Max bet $20, min bet $1\line \line "Monthly leaderboards"\line Each month prizes will be given away to the best of the bets ; Most accurate (highest % of wins after 10 bets), Most winnings during that month, \line \line Only subs can bet. Connect through twitch to prove that you are a sub and then connect through steam.\line \line If this Idea yields success, offer it to other streamers in the future after a 6month trial.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\ltrpar\sl276\slmult1{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb0\sa200\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1033\dbch\af9\afs22\alang1025\loch\f4\fs22\lang1033\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\ltrpar\sl276\slmult1{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb0\sa200\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1033\dbch\af9\afs22\alang1025\loch\f4\fs22\lang1033{\b\afs28\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs28
Deposit button}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
\line \line On the jackpot site there will be a Deposit Button. Once you press this button it will open up your inventory but on the same place you are already. It will list the value of your items and what items are available. Here you can press any items you want to bet, and it will make sure everything is correct with the value & amount. After you have chosen what skins you want to bet you press "Deposit". This prompts the bot to send you an trade offer. A popup will show your bet and a button that says "Accept tradeoffer", pressing this button will open up the steamtrade website with the tradeoffer. After accepted you go back to the website, the bot loads your bet and you are in.\line \line Show skins that are in a pot in a scrollable part next to the pot. So people know what they are gambling for.\line \line Also shows your % to win if you are in the pot.\line \line Once you enter our website you will go to "Home" This is where we post news, shows you the 3 biggest pots that are going on right now aswell as a Weekly top, the biggest winners, the biggest win etc. Once you log in through steam you get redirected to the betting part of the website.\line \line }{\b\afs28\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs28
Randomrambo}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
\line once you enter the website we'll have a tab named "RandomRambo" Once you press this tab you'll be prompted to log on through Twitch.tv, just like the steam login button but with twitch.tv and their API instead, and you should be able to choose that only subscribers can enter once you login. After that you will log on through Steam aswell and then just place your bets, so it's only a gateway to confirm that you infact have an active subscription at said streamers channel.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\ltrpar\sl276\slmult1{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb0\sa200\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1033\dbch\af9\afs22\alang1025\loch\f4\fs22\lang1033\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\ltrpar\sl276\slmult1{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb0\sa200\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1033\dbch\af9\afs22\alang1025\loch\f4\fs22\lang1033\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\ltrpar\sl276\slmult1{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb0\sa200\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1033\dbch\af9\afs22\alang1025\loch\f4\fs22\lang1033{\b\afs28\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs28
API and site examples}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
\line }{{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://github.com/Jessecar96/SteamBot" }{\fldrslt {\cf2\ul\ulc0\langfe255\alang255\lang255\rtlch \ltrch\loch
https://github.com/Jessecar96/SteamBot}{}}}\rtlch \ltrch\loch
\line \line }{{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://github.com/Jessecar96/SteamBot/wiki/Configuration-Guide" }{\fldrslt {\cf2\ul\ulc0\langfe255\alang255\lang255\rtlch \ltrch\loch
https://github.com/Jessecar96/SteamBot/wiki/Configuration-Guide}}}}
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\ltrpar\sl276\slmult1{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb0\sa200\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1033\dbch\af9\afs22\alang1025\loch\f4\fs22\lang1033{{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://csgoshuffle.com/provably-fair" }{\fldrslt {\cf2\ul\ulc0\langfe255\alang255\lang255\rtlch \ltrch\loch
https://csgoshuffle.com/provably-fair}{}}}\rtlch \ltrch\loch
 \line \line }{{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://steamcommunity.com/dev/apikey" }{\fldrslt {\cf2\ul\ulc0\langfe255\alang255\lang255\rtlch \ltrch\loch
http://steamcommunity.com/dev/apikey}{}}}\rtlch \ltrch\loch
     CC4E30BF633E5201E67CA38EDC778C63\line \line }{{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://www.steamanalyst.com" }{\fldrslt {\cf2\ul\ulc0\langfe255\alang255\lang255\rtlch \ltrch\loch
www.steamanalyst.com}{}}}\rtlch \ltrch\loch
 this is where we get our prices and info\line \line }{{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://github.com/justintv/twitch-api" }{\fldrslt {\cf2\ul\ulc0\langfe255\alang255\lang255\rtlch \ltrch\loch
https://github.com/justintv/twitch-api}{}}}\rtlch \ltrch\loch
 so that people can bet on the streamers game\line \line \line Hello,}
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\ltrpar\sl276\slmult1{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb0\sa200\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1033\dbch\af9\afs22\alang1025\loch\f4\fs22\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Your IP has been whitelisted. Here is your personal API URL to call: http://api.steamanalyst.com/apiV2.php?key=30012677189994519 }
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\ltrpar\sl276\slmult1{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb0\sa200\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1033\dbch\af9\afs22\alang1025\loch\f4\fs22\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
There is no documentation needed as our API is straight-forward and easy to use. Simply call the URL and you will get a JSON response containing all items and their respective data.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\ltrpar\sl276\slmult1{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb0\sa200\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1033\dbch\af9\afs22\alang1025\loch\f4\fs22\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Some rare items do not have average prices for the last 7 or 30 days; in this case, you must use "suggested_amount_min" which is an average amount in USD suggested by our users.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\ltrpar\sl276\slmult1{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb0\sa200\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1033\dbch\af9\afs22\alang1025\loch\f4\fs22\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Please cache the data in your own database for at least 6 hours. Our data fluctuates very little within this period since we're providing you with average prices.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\ltrpar\sl276\slmult1{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb0\sa200\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1033\dbch\af9\afs22\alang1025\loch\f4\fs22\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Each JSON response is over 1mb which is quite large if called every minute or so. Most of our partners call the URL every 6 hours.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\ltrpar\sl276\slmult1{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb0\sa200\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1033\dbch\af9\afs22\alang1025\loch\f4\fs22\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Caching is very important in case our database goes down for maintenance or other reasons. }
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\ltrpar\sl276\slmult1{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb0\sa200\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1033\dbch\af9\afs22\alang1025\loch\f4\fs22\lang1033\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\ltrpar\sl276\slmult1{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb0\sa200\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1033\dbch\af9\afs22\alang1025\loch\f4\fs22\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Good luck with your project.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\ltrpar\sl276\slmult1{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb0\sa200\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1033\dbch\af9\afs22\alang1025\loch\f4\fs22\lang1033\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\ltrpar\sl276\slmult1{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb0\sa200\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1033\dbch\af9\afs22\alang1025\loch\f4\fs22\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Best Regards,}
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\ltrpar\sl276\slmult1{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb0\sa200\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1033\dbch\af9\afs22\alang1025\loch\f4\fs22\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\line }
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\ltrpar\sl276\slmult1{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb0\sa200\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1033\dbch\af9\afs22\alang1025\loch\f4\fs22\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Your key for Steams Webb-API}
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\ltrpar\sl276\slmult1{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb0\sa200\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1033\dbch\af9\afs22\alang1025\loch\f4\fs22\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Keyl: A5E769E30C4521710AB891D69CED857A}
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\ltrpar\sl276\slmult1{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb0\sa200\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1033\dbch\af9\afs22\alang1025\loch\f4\fs22\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Domain: Ultimatecsgo.com}
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\ltrpar\sl276\slmult1{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb0\sa200\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1033\dbch\af9\afs22\alang1025\loch\f4\fs22\lang1033\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\ltrpar\sl276\slmult1{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb0\sa200\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1033\dbch\af9\afs22\alang1025\loch\f4\fs22\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
https://developer.valvesoftware.com/wiki/Steam_Web_API#GetPlayerSummaries_.28v0001.29}
\par }